(This is the diary of Adrian Valloys, Blacksmisth from Olw's Howler)

A large part of the book was willingly taken apart, thus only a few pages are left

If you're that bastard John Marsh, know that I spit on you and your bloody ancestor's grave! I ain't gat no idea of what you scumbag intend to do,
but I do hope I somehow thwarted your plans! I wish you and your cursed kin go back to the hellhole from which you came from, you don't belong here!

If you're not john Marsh or no part of his lot, then I beg you to carefully consider my words. By now, you've probably realized - just like I did - that you are trapped in that forsaken place...
Now, let me tell me my story. I am Adrian Valloys, dweller of Owl's Howler village where I worked as a blacksmith. My life had nothing special until one day, I was hired - along with two other people from my village -
 to excavate some ruins under that crazy bastard living up the hill. Strange rumors were told about him - his ancestor Sebastian Marshall was said to be a man with strange powers and strong connexions with a certain
 Order of Dagon - a demented cult.

So, that lunatic asked for our services on early March 1912 (I hope I am not wrong about the date, for I have trouble to focus...). The first day, we managed to retrieve the entrance of an old mine, just below
his kitchen. The old tunnel leads to some kind of bizarre temple, with weird paintings in it.

As we were exhausted, he offered us to stay, lying three mattresses near the temple entrance. Shortly after, things started to go horribly wrong... While the two others while sleeping, I for a walk in the cave.
What I saw still makes my body crawl: swimming in the water was some kind of extremely uncanny creature - vaguely resembling a lizard... I woke up my two companions to tell them what I saw, and urged them to get the
hell out of this hell-hole! Those idiots made fun of me, calling me feeble-minded... I guess they know better now... Bloody fools!

In the morning, the lunatic came woke us up, with an eerie and triumphant expression on his skeletal, chalky face... He offered us some soup, which I hesitated of drinking... I felt his piercing, vicious look in my back,
I therefore pretended to drink it, yet really disposed of it. Afterwards, he took us to the entrance of the temple. He activated some kind of device, and a door opened, leading to the vast hall wherein we stand!

Gosh! I cannot believe what I am writing, the worse is to come yet...*

I do not dare imagine the horrendous rituals that took place here... Cannot take it any more...

As we entered into the hall, I couldn't help but notice my companions eyes were blank. They were following Marsh listless, without any trace of realizing what was going on... It soon came to my mind that he was suspecting me,
I thus acted just like them, and showed no feeling whatsoever. Marsh went upstairs... God!... And the lift went down, so as to be level with the ground floor...

As the lift could carry only three people, he took Arnold and George down that bottomless pit... I... I was panick-stricken! Those voices of... People kept coming back... I can hear that crowd...

I decided to sabotage the device leading down... I took the four gears off, along with the lever...

I hid the devices into the mansion. Now listen to me closely - I know it sounds crazy but... This mansion is alive!!! The whole very place reeks with evil!
I had the feeling that as you walk into it, you somehow wake up... Things... Memories...

I am so confused... If you intend of going down, you will have to retrieve the five devices, one in each room (kitchen, library, room, crypt and... secret passageway?!).
I ain't gat a clue as how I made my way out of this place alive but take it from me: don't linger inside!!!

I am so sorry... I don't have the guts to face it... I cannot...
I am now prisoner of this... Area... I have no hope of going anywhere... I will just make it quicker...
