(Most of the John Marsh's book has been scrapped, only a few pages are still legible)

...

7th of January, 1912

I cannot believe !
After all those years, I finally found it! My endless travels eventually turned out successful...
This used to be my ancestor's manor, from the 17th century: Sebastian Marsall, one of the first Europeans who settled down in this place, which had
so far been avoided by even the most reckless Ameridian tribes...

This place is said to be very special, indeed...

...

2nd of February, 1912

My ancestor Sebastian Marsall was a very affluent merchant. But more importantly, he had been initiated to the rites of the Elder Gods, thanks to his most
enlightening journeys amongst Inuit tributes, in the Frozen Northern Lands...

...

Before he was murdered by those worthless, ignorant, bloody priests during the Salem's witch hunt (alongst with many of his Order), he left
a diary describing a complex temple to the glory of the Elder Gods, let them be praised! If my thery is correct, this temple should be near!

...

1st of March, 1912

I am now certain, through decoding his diary (he was a wise and cunning man), that the temple he built is actually underneath the mansion, which is a mere cover
for his experiments. Interestingly, he founded the temple on what to be an antique non-human city. I need to inquire more about it.
Unfortunately, I must find the temple in the first place. Albeit I am most displeased with it, I shall hire a few workers from this rotten, pathetic town, to do
the work my feeble earthly body cannot perform. Three should be sufficient, and provided they keep their filthy mouths shut, I can keep my work secret.

I shall use what is left of my inheritage to pay well those rats better than they had ever been. What a disgrace, what a shame!

...

3rd of March, 1912

I turned out correct! What a delight! I found the old tunnel leading to my ancestor's temple!
However, I cannot afford to let the three workers get away telling everybody, this for my glorious ancestor's sake!

The temple we discovered holds many secrets left behind, and unfortunately Sebastian Marshall took most of them to the grave... This will not make it any easier...
It would seem the entrance hall hides a device, to access further rooms, certainly granting access to timeless ancient tunnels leading to the Ageless City...

I shall lure those bloody idiots into a trap! And I think I know how...

Tomorrow shall be the most glorious day of my life, the day I stepped through the threshold, discovering my true Destiny... Way beyond this worthless World...

Ph'nglui mglw'naf Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn

Praised be the Old Ones!
