(This is the diary of Arnold Frost, Carpenter from Olw's Howler)

Most of the pages of the diary are irrelevant, only the end deals with what interests me.

January, 1912

My household is running low on money, fewer and fewer people have been asking for my services lately. This village, which I cherish as my own mother, is becoming my demise...
I must find a way to quickly recover some prestige and above all a good standart of living, for my wife is menacing me with leaving the house...
I do understand her, I acknowlegde she has been nothing but patient, and we just cannot afford to have babies now, which we both long for having... Woe is us!

February, 1912

Damnit! The towns around are just as broke as we are, none seems to be willing to open their purses, especially to outsiders!

I have been haunted by this bloody question: Shall we leave this town?
But then, to go where?

My dear wife is growing tired of waiting, yet proved both courageous and resourceful. She has been knocking at every doors, looking for little jobs, even the least paid ones...
Nonetheless, our household cannot keep up this way. I am afraid that, if things keep going down the hill, we shall have no choice but to leave our beloved town...

2nd of March, 1912

God has answered our prayers! The owner of the mansion up the hill (whom I had never seen, since he seldom makes his way down into town, only to get some food).
This man turned out as odd as he is wealthy. He looks over than eigthy years old, but sounds like he is from... The past! In spite of his obvious efforts to sound modern, one could immediatly feel he is reading an old book...

No matter! What is important is that he is offering me a very well-paid job! Strangely, he seems to know perfectly of my current financial situation.
What is more, I have this even weirder feeling that this is precisely the reason why he is offering me, as well as two more colleagues (namely, Adrian the blacksmith and George the laborer) this so unexpected opportunity!

For what I understand, he needs us to excavate some old ruins beneath his mansion. He must be seeking some old artifact or something. Frankly, I couldn't care less!
When my wife Maria learnt of that wonderful news, she was overwhelmed with relief! We will be capable of taking care of our babies, even afford to have them attend school!

Back to reality! We are to start working tomorrow, and that strange chap (who goes by the name of a certain - John Marsh, I reckon?), looks impatient. So am I!
The only annoying thing is that we shall have to walk all the way up to his manor.

3rd of March, 1912

An exhausting day! Spent the day digging and digging underneath his living room door, to finally arrive to what appears to be an abandoned mine!?
When John Marsh was absorbed in his work, I could not help but have a peek inside his house. I was amazed to realize that, in spite of his being so wealthy, the furniture was scarce, his room (he lives in the attic!) was so dusty and his bed rusty as hell!
Plus, our man does not seem to have a huge appetite, he's got such a skeletic frame!

Interestingly, he insisted so much that we have to keep the secrecy of our discovery.
But why? This could make him famous!

And damn, what a discovery! Even merely recalling the very sight of that... temple?! - makes my flesh crawl!
An unholy place, that's what it is! Only looking at those blasphemious paintings fills me with fear, and terror!

He asked us to stay overnight (he installed three mattresses near the temple), for he said, we would have a very long day tomorrow.
Although I am most... Reluctant to sleep near this hideous place, the idea of sheer happiness carved on Maria's face, marveling at the money I will bring home, makes the rest look pale in comparison!

My two other companions seem to be relieved they're not sleeping alone, they're even more frightened than I am!

Time to get some rest now, tomorrow will be, without the shred of a doubt, a hell of a day!

Still, I cannot help but wonder: Who knows what is in store for us beyond the walls of that foresaken temple?

Some questions had better been left unasked...
